README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Preksha Jain</h1>
<h3 align="center">SDET | Automation Architect | QA Leader</h3>

<p align="center">
Designing scalable automation frameworks • Driving QA strategy • Staying hands-on with code
</p>

---

## About

I am an Automation Architect and SDET with a strong balance of strategic ownership and hands-on engineering. I design automation frameworks, define QA strategy, and work closely with teams to build reliable, maintainable test solutions across complex systems.

I enjoy solving quality problems at architecture level while staying close to the code.

---

## What I Do

- Architect and build UI, API, and integration automation frameworks  
- Define end-to-end QA strategy and quality governance  
- Drive CI/CD quality gates and continuous testing practices  
- Stay hands-on with automation development and code reviews  
- Mentor engineers and partner with senior stakeholders  

---

## Tech Stack

**Languages:** Java, TypeScript, JavaScript, SQL, C# (exposure)  
**Automation:** Selenium, Cypress, Playwright, Cucumber, RestAssured, Postman  
**CI/CD & DevOps:** Jenkins, Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions, Docker, Kubernetes  
**Cloud & Data:** Microsoft Azure (AZ-900), PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle  
**Tools:** JIRA, Confluence, Dynatrace, Maven, Gradle, Linux

---

## Featured Work

### Enterprise Automation Framework
Designed and built a scalable automation framework for UI and API testing used across multiple teams. Focused on clean architecture, maintainability, and execution speed.

### CI/CD Quality Integration
Integrated automated tests into pipelines with quality gates to provide fast feedback and improve release confidence. Worked closely with DevOps and engineering leads.

### Microservices Testing Strategy
Defined API and contract testing approach for microservices-based systems. Reduced late-stage integration issues and improved release stability.

### QA Transformation & Team Leadership
Built and mentored QA teams, introduced shift-left practices, and improved delivery predictability through modern automation approaches.

---

## GitHub Activity

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=YOUR_USERNAME&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" width="50%" />
</p>

---

## Let’s Connect

I enjoy discussions around automation architecture, quality strategy, and building strong engineering teams.

Commit message:

Refactor README for clarity and formatting
Updated README formatting and improved clarity in descriptions.

README.md, after:

# Preksha Jain  
SDET | Automation Architect | QA Leader

Designing scalable automation frameworks. Driving QA strategy. Staying hands-on with code.

---

## About

I am an Automation Architect and SDET with a balanced focus on strategy and hands-on engineering. I design test frameworks, define QA approaches, and work closely with teams to build reliable and maintainable automation across complex systems.

I enjoy working at architecture level while staying close to implementation.

---

## What I Do

- Architect and build UI, API, and integration automation frameworks  
- Define end-to-end QA strategy and quality governance  
- Drive CI/CD quality gates and continuous testing practices  
- Stay hands-on with automation development and code reviews  
- Mentor engineers and work closely with senior stakeholders  

---

## Tech Stack

**Languages:** Java, TypeScript, JavaScript, SQL, C# (exposure)  
**Automation:** Selenium, Cypress, Playwright, Cucumber, RestAssured, Postman  
**CI/CD & DevOps:** Jenkins, Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions, Docker, Kubernetes  
**Cloud & Data:** Microsoft Azure (AZ-900), PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle  
**Tools:** JIRA, Confluence, Dynatrace, Maven, Gradle, Linux

---

## Featured Work

### Enterprise Automation Framework  
Designed and built a scalable automation framework for UI and API testing used across multiple teams, with focus on clean architecture, maintainability, and execution speed.

### CI/CD Quality Integration  
Integrated automated tests into pipelines with quality gates to enable faster feedback and improve release confidence.

### Microservices Testing Strategy  
Defined API and contract testing approach for microservices-based systems, reducing late-stage integration issues.

### QA Transformation & Team Leadership  
Built and mentored QA teams, introduced shift-left practices, and improved delivery predictability through modern automation approaches.

---

## GitHub Activity

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=YOUR_USERNAME&show_icons=true&hide_border=true)

---

## Let’s Connect

I enjoy discussions around automation architecture, quality strategy, and building strong engineering teams.
